Add documentation for using default values with triggers (#4179)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-delivery/articles/ternary-operator.md

```
<+<+pipeline.triggerType>=="MANUAL"?<+pipeline.variables.tag>:<+trigger.payload.tag>>
```

## Another Case: Use Default Value Based in a Trigger's Payload

Suppose we have a trigger that provides a runtime input for a pipeline based on the trigger's payload.

Normally, in the trigger's runtime input form, we would have this:

```
myVariable: <+trigger.payload.myVariable>
```

If we want to provide a default value for `myVariable` when it is missing from the trigger's payload, we can use the following in the trigger's runtime input form:

```
<+<+trigger.payload>.contains("myVariable")?<+trigger.payload.myVariable>:"DEFAULT_VALUE">
```

> This would ensure the value for `myVariable` is provided as "DEFAULT_VALUE" in case the "myVariable" entry is not present in the trigger's payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures that the value for `myVariable` is provided as "DEFAULT_VALUE" in case the "myVariable" entry is not present in the trigger's payload.
```
